Previously on This Is Us...
Philip, hi!
Kate, there were a lot
of applicants for this job.
And you were not at the top of my list.
TOBY:
I'm having a harder time
with this whole stay-at-home dad thing.
Much harder than I'm letting on to Kate.
Hi, this is Toby Damon calling.
I would actually love to be considered
for the San Francisco position.
NICKY (on TV):
Describe Madison's dream
for your future together.
KEVIN:
It's a trick question.
Madison knows that I refuse
to grow old, so...
question is moot.
(exhales)
Wow.
First of all, you look
absolutely beautiful.
There are so many things
I want to say to you today.
I guess I'll just start
with the most important one.
(clears his throat)
(imitating Peter Cook
in The Princess Bride): Ma-wage.
Ma-wage is what
brings us together today.
(normal voice):
I... I can't do that.
Obviously.
Could get a laugh though.
(groans)
(as Peter Cook):
Ma-wage. Ma-wage is...
(normal voice):
It's gonna kill.
It's gonna absolutely kill.
♪ ♪
Okay, Dynasty.
Let's kill some friggin' wedding guests.
ANNOUNCER (on TV): Next...
Sun will shine
on the happy bride after all.
ANNOUNCER:
On the season finale of Dynasty...
MAN: With this ring I thee wed.
ANNOUNCER: It's the wedding of the century
with the most explosive...
BASEBALL ANNOUNCER:
And Holland total 1-2.
A 1.71 earned run average
with three saves.
I want Mommy to read to us.
Oh, Mommy's taking
a night for herself, bud.
And for a reason
that will forever escape me,
-she's very excited about
watching this thing...
-Jack!
Yeah?
You didn't happen to tape the game
the other night, did you?
-Yeah, the Pirates game last...
I couldn't keep my eyes open.
-Oh.
And you-you didn't happen to see the words
"Do not tape over" written in giant
block letters on the label?
Uh... (sputters)
I'm home with triplets, Jack.
There are three of them.
Okay? Three of them.
I had to wait an entire week
to watch an episode of television
that the entire country is talking about.
One week of covering my ears
and humming every time
I entered the grocery store
out of this irrational fear
that I might accidentally learn
who died at the wedding and ruin
the ending of the only thing
that is keeping me going right now.
-Bec.
-What?
Hi, guys. Hi.
Mommy and Daddy were having
a really silly conversation
-about television... Aah!
-Yeah, silly.
But let's, um...
let's get you back to bed, okay?
Let's get you back to bed, sweetheart.
JACK: Yeah.
(exhales) Daddy's in trouble.
Come on, dude, come on.
WOMAN: Honey.
There's no other way to say this.
I cannot stay with that man
for another minute.
So... Mummy is leaving, darling.
I've really tried, but...
Here.
Maybe you'll wear them on your
wedding day and think of me.
Maybe you'll land a better man than I did.
It's a pretty low bar.
Goodbye, Madison.
KEVIN:
I'm so glad we chose Frankie Valli
for the pre-ceremony music, although,
I was thinking of the song order,
and I'm not sure
we got it right and...
Oh, my God!
I'm turning into Groomzilla, aren't I?
Oh, God.
Madison?
Hey.
Hi. Yeah.
Yeah, you are. You were...
-Yeah.
...reciting the dinner menu
in your sleep last night.
-Again? Oh, God, just...
-Mm-hmm.
I'm sorry, I want everything
to be perfect, you know?
-Uh-huh.
-NICKY: Wait, wait!
Go back.
Uh... just... say that again.
-Uh...
-Yeah, I'm-I'm documenting
everything for today.
You don't have to do that.
We actually hired
a videographer, so you can just,
you know, attend the ceremony.
Come on, go back, be cute.
Uh, all right, Pearson.
This is it.
For the last time, women
in my family get varicose veins
early-- knees and ankles.
We look like Thomas Guides
by the time we're 50.
So this is your last chance
to make a run for it.
No, my feet are firmly planted
-right here on the ground.
-Okay.
Please, um, practice your vows.
-Mm.
-No movie quotes.
Improv Kevin was not invited
-to the ceremony.
-No, I'll-I'll let him know.
He's gonna be absolutely devastated,
but I'll break the news.
Just think, in a couple of hours
you and I will be under an altar--
an altar that you designed
because you're an absolute boss.
MADISON:
Hmm, I like it when you call me a boss.
It portends well for our future.
-Well, now you got me nervous.
-(Nicky laughs)
It's perfect, perfect!
It's great.
Cut.
So, listen,
will you be able
to get a U-Haul there this afternoon?
My gift is being delivered
to the wedding site and, uh,
you're never gonna be able
to drive it home in a normal car.
Uh, Uncle Nicky, I'm gonna need you
to go ahead and interact with me
as little as humanly possible
-today, okay? Thanks.
-You got it.
Okay, Jack and Hailey are both
down for their nap.
We can finish packing and then
we can transfer them to the car.
And then they're gonna sleep
all the way to the hotel.
Yeah, this is never
gonna work, but as ever,
I appreciate your optimism.
They're gonna stay down.
-Want to bet?
-Ooh!
Yeah, what ya putting on the table?
Okay, I win,
you do that head thing I love.
-The scalp tickle?
-Mm-hmm.
For, like, 20 minutes.
High stakes.
Fine.
Oh, this is great--
I didn't have a head tickle
-on my Toby bingo card today.
-(Kate laughs)
-You know what else
I didn't have on my card?
-What?
-Getting a job.
-(zips bag)
What?
Yeah, they just sent
the official offer letter though.
The start-up?
-Mm-hmm.
-Babe!
See?
Oh, my...
The world comes to Toby Damon.
-That's right.
They are gonna want me
in San Francisco three days a week
when the office re-opens, so...
Oh.
Okay...
-Well, so...
-I think we should
seriously consider it.
We're not gonna be able
to survive much longer
on your teaching assistant salary alone.
And I haven't gotten
a serious offer in a long time.
Okay, well, we're getting by.
I mean, we're not saving,
but we're not drowning.
I want to go back to work, Kate.
I need to.... emotionally,
mentally.
Staying at home is just...
All right, I love our children, but...
Okay, got it.
Kate?
Toby.
My husband is contemplating taking a job
that will put him in a different
city three days a week.
And he just used the sentence
"I love our children, but."
Just give me a second to digest it.
Mm.
What are you guys doing up?
Guys?
-Jack.
-What?
They're just standing there.
-Oh.
-Like Children of the Corn or something.
What's wrong with the Big Three?
Do you still love each other?
Aw...
(indistinct chatter, laughter)
BETH:
Okay, let's head
to the hotel so the ladies
can get ready together.
All right, we'll see you there, but first,
oh, I can't stop hugging you.
Oh, God, it's happening to me, too.
Must... hug...
grandchildren.
Guys, stop!
REBECCA:
Uh, we're not gonna stop.
I-I feel like I'm owed
a year's worth of hugs.
-MIGUEL: Yeah.
-Hey, Dej, let's hurry it up over there.
Oh!
Hey, Malik.
-Hey.
-Any news from Penn?
(chuckles)
Uh, no, not yet.
Uh, you know, Malik applied
to the four top schools
in the Philly area.
-And he got into three,
because he's a beast.
-Wow.
Hey, you know who else is a great student?
Alex.
Yeah, Tess is dating her class
valedictorian-- isn't that right, babe?
Uh, they're a very good student.
Yeah.
Batgirls... let's, uh,
get your stuff together
to the Batmobile, come on.
Must hug more...
grandchildren.
Must... hug.
Is that creepy or charming?
Yeah, I can't tell yet.
Okay.
-Here we go.
-I can't believe you guys
are already leaving tomorrow.
I feel like we... haven't
had a chance to catch up.
I know, I know.
Wedding weekends always fly by so fast.
Yeah.
I was hoping to hear
-more about your trip to New Orleans.
-What?
-I told you about it.
-No, you didn't.
Not-not much anyway.
Randall, we haven't
seen each other in ages and...
I just want to know how it was for you.
Okay.
Well, I-I'd really like
to tell you about it.
-Okay.
-(laughing): Okay.
Okay, everyone, let's go!
Let's get Kevin married!
Need more hugs.
Yeah, uh, it's-it's way creepy now.
Holy crap!
You rented out this whole thing?
Yeah, well, you know,
it's easier that way with COVID.
Geez, how rich are you?
(laughs)
Uh, okay.
I've got to go over
the pre-ceremony music,
I've got to double-check the playlist,
and I then I want to head out
to the garden just to make sure
everything is perfect out there.
Here's comes everybody. Hey!
-Hey!
-What's up?
Look at this place!
-Not bad, right?
-Not bad at all, brother.
-What's going on?
-Oh, you know, nothing.
-How are you? You guys look beautiful.
-Good.
-How are you doing?
-RANDALL: All right, Coach,
come on, put me in the game.
-What do you need.
-No, nothing, nothing so far.
-Everything is good, smooth.
-Yeah?
-Yeah
-'Cause a week ago you were
Jerry Maguire-ing out.
-But, uh, you're good?
-Yeah.
No, I know my entire life has
been an exercise
in romantic self-destruction,
but not today.
Today I am good.
This is exactly where I want to be.
I just want to make sure
everything's perfect.
-You know what I mean?
-Okay.
Well, I'm here for you, brother.
God knows I wouldn't mind
being pulled away right now.
Well, what does that mean?
Uh, nothing.
Mom wants to talk about
my trip to New Orleans.
Aha.
Well...
Yeah. Hey, you keep your eye
on the ball, okay?
Text me if you need me.
Yo, Batgirls.
To the Batcave.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
-I have dresses for the bridesmaids.
-Cool.
(gasps)
How pretty.
Oh, that's nice.
-You good?
-Yeah, I'm fine.
All right, come on.
See you later, man.
All right.
What?
We have a small problem.
So, the altar collapsed an hour ago.
The crossbeam is completely shattered.
But we have a plan.
We are going to rearrange the furniture,
And instead of the altar,
you can get married
under the statement tree.
-Now, we discussed that option earlier.
-We did.
And then we came back to the altar.
Remember, Madison
designed the whole thing?
Traditional rustic, her favorite flowers?
I know.
And I'll talk to her.
Okay?
The only thing you need to do is relax.
KEVIN:
Vanessa, listen.
Madison and I haven't exactly had
the most romantic beginning
to this marriage,
but so help me, today...
today will be one for the ages.
So I will relax when everything's
exactly the way she wanted it,
not a moment sooner.
Do you... do you have to do that
right now, though?
Yeah. I mean, you're gonna want this.
That speech was great.
VANESSA:
Absolutely.
Women getting all gussied up.
Randy P. feeling fine.
What's he gonna do with his free time?
-Cooking up a batch of...
-Randall.
Um, the hair and makeup people
don't come for an hour.
Maybe now is a good time
to grab a coffee and catch up?
Yes, ma'am.
Guess Randy P. is doing that.
Yes.
So, um, this is Hai.
He's the one who contacted me.
And this here... that's, uh, Laurel.
That's my birth mother.
Wow.
Stunning.
Uh, yeah, I...
You have her eyes.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
I thought so, too, but I wasn't sure.
Everyone always says Annie and I
have the same eyes,
so I guess that, um...
I guess that tracks.
Oh, man, have I told you
what Annie's gotten into?
-No.
-Bowling.
She's a strangely good bowler.
The other day she bowled a 214.
I literally had to goggle
"bowling scholarships."
-Anyhow...
-Anyhow.
-Randall.
-Yeah?
Best man emergency.
-Duty calls.
-Go, go, go.
I need you to rally the troops, all right?
Find the biggest SUV you can find
and head to Home Depot.
Okay, um...
what are we?
KEVIN:
The altar, the whole thing, it's just...
Okay, guys, uh,
we know you heard us
having a, uh...
conversation in loud voices.
-Because Daddy messed up.
-(Jack chuckles)
-But, uh, we want to show you something.
-Yeah.
REBECCA: This is Mommy and Daddy
on their wedding day.
And that is Daddy telling Mommy
how much he loves her.
♪ ♪
He was very charming
that day, your father.
(Jack and Rebecca chuckle)
Go ahead and tell them
what you were saying, babe.
Oh, see, this was the start
of my vows, and...
And, you know, I was...
-I was-I was saying...
-Wait. You...
You seriously don't remember
your wedding vows?
Oh, come on, do you remember yours?
Yes, I do, in fact, because it was
one of the most important days
of my life, Jack.
But it's okay, because
you will probably just
tape over this with some ball game.
Come on, are you still
mad about that stupid show?
-Stupid show?
-Yeah, stupid show.
-They had a terrorist
massacre at a wedding?
-Yeah.
That ain't high art, Bec.
Plus, my secretary said
they only killed Luke and Lady Ash,
-not even any of the main characters.
-Lady Ashley?!
Did you seriously
just ruin the show for me?
-The show ruined itself a long time ago.
-Oh...
Joan can do better.
-Babe...
-Huh?
-Hey, hey!
-(Rebecca forces a laugh)
Guys, we are genuinely, madly in love.
-Oh, married couples hate us.
-Hate us.
It's why we have no friends.
JACK:
Yeah, none.
You guys need to get married again.
Today.
TED:
Almost forgot.
-You said you needed this
for an outfit or something?
-A dress.
For the eighth grade dance.
But I don't need it anymore.
The boy asked someone else.
Oh. Well, I'm sure someone else
will go with you.
Don't be choosey, hon.
Doesn't have to be the prom king.
Doesn't have to be magical sparks.
Just find someone willing to go with you.
KATE:
Are you okay?
Sorry, I was just thinking about my vows.
Ugh, I get so nervous
when I speak in public
-I start sounding like Alvin.
-Who?
From the Chipmunks?
-Alvin and Simon and...
-(laughs)
Who is that other Chipmunk?
Um... I don't know.
-That poor third Chipmunk.
-I know.
Madison...
it's not about the words,
you know, or the delivery.
When you love someone enough
to make this kind of commitment,
I mean, it's bigger than that.
You know, when you look into
each other's eyes,
and-and you say that you care
more about what they need
than what you need
for the rest of your life...
Um...
-thank you.
-For what?
A reminder.
I'm just gonna make a quick phone call.
I'll be right back.
♪ We are the Chipmunks ♪
♪ Alvin, Simon... ♪
-Theodore!
-(laughs)
-Poor little Theodore.
I love you, sister-in-law.
-I love you, too.
-(door shuts)
Hey, Dej.
Do you think you're ever
gonna marry Malik?
Annie, are you crazy?
I'm not even thinking about that nonsense.
I'm not even thinking that, you know,
we'll get married one day in his future
Michelin star restaurant.
-I'm not thinking about that.
-(laughs)
Oh, Tess, you look incredible.
Thanks.
Tess, I know I've been doing
everything wrong with you lately,
and I should tiptoe right now,
but these slippers aren't built to tiptoe,
so... what's up?
It feels like everyone wants
a version of me
that isn't... me.
I'm not comfortable in this dress.
But I don't want to disappoint
Uncle Kevin or you and...
Hey, stop.
You cannot disappoint me.
I need you to understand that.
You could wear shorts
to this wedding, okay?
You could root for the Dallas Cowboys.
You could murder somebody.
I'd be surprised.
I'd probably ask a couple questions,
but I'd assume you had your reasons.
All right, look.
This dress isn't you, huh?
Well, let's... let's make it you.
(Jack, Rebecca chuckling)
Thank you, thank you.
Daddy, do you promise
to love Mommy forever?
Not only do I promise
to love Mommy forever,
I promise to love
this whole family forever.
Hey, come here.
Hands in. Come on.
Come on.
Will you guys marry me forever?
Do you promise to never refer
to the best show in the history
of television
-as "stupid" ever again?
-The best show on...
-Jack.
-I do.
Well, then, I do, too.
Kids?
KIDS:
I do!
-JACK and REBECCA: You do?
-Mm-hmm.
(line ringing)
-PHILIP: Hello?
-Hi, it's Kate.
Oh, hey.
I'm calling because I need to resign.
I'm sorry?
It's just that, um...
Toby got a job offer, and we
both can't work full time,
you know, with the kids, so...
Hello?
You know, I didn't want to hire you.
I got stuck with you.
An inexperienced aide
-with no qualifications or skill sets...
-I know.
Not finished.
No qualifications, no skill sets
-I... Okay.
-And yet...
you ended up being great.
I mean, the students love you.
You're talented, you're useful,
and on rare occasions
your jokes are funny.
So, no, I do not
accept your resignation.
Um, Philip, I...
I'm hanging up now.
Resignation rejected.
Miguel, you sure this thing's
gonna hold up?
I mean, I love
America's Funniest Home Videos
just like the next guy,
I don't want my wedding on it.
I promise you, Kevin,
I'm gonna get this thing standing,
and Toby's working on
that flower arrangement
to cover anything that's not perfect.
(southern drawl):
Why, you're no daisy.
You're no daisy at all.
It's Tombstone.
Is this thing on?
-Jesus.
-RANDALL (exhales):
All right, here we go, Kev.
This...
Yeah.
What are we doing?
You're standing in the full sun, man.
I'm not gonna have
the groom looking all Tickle Me Elmo
in his wedding photos.
Miguel, you sure those grooves
are matched up, man?
-I...
-Yes. Yes.
-(quietly): They are?
-I don't know.
I've paid people for the last 20 years
-to do things like this for me.
-KEVIN: Oh, God.
Hey, Kev, the Avengers have assembled.
We got this.
Why don't you go inside
and get your face on...
-Guys, guys, guys.
-What do y... Whoa.
KEVIN: You got that playlist?
The one that started
-with Frankie Valli?
-Yep, got it right here.
You mind if I take a look at it,
just to make sure
-that you've got the right order?
-Kev. Kev.
-One second.
-Kevin.
-Yep?
-We got this, man.
All right?
Everything is perfect.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm okay, I'm okay.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
'Cause I saw you were
sitting with Mom earlier
when I came to get you.
What happened?
She started openly crying
after the second photo and I bailed.
-No... That's not what...
-It's-it's not worth it.
-BETH: Hey, Kev.
Hey!
Randall, don't look at me.
-What are you...
-Turn around. Or is that for the bride?
-I don't...
-Okay, it doesn't matter.
Hey, I'm gonna make
a few changes to Tess' dress.
Do you think that Madison's
gonna have a coronary?
-I don't know, I mean,
there's no... How do I...
-Okay, great.
Perfect. Thank you.
Don't even worry about it, all right?
Getting a little sunburned, bro.
Bye!
Sorr... Listen, like, you should
be able to talk to Mom
without feeling like
she's gonna break down
-every time you bring up...
-NICKY: Hey!
-It's the wrong-sized screw.
-I literally ran
a multimillion dollar
construction company.
When we redo the Nomadland trailer,
I'll call you, Nicky.
-Okay?
-I don't even understand
that reference, so bite me.
-Wow.
-KEVIN: Okay, let's... Hey, guys!
Can we focus?
Miguel,
will you please be nice to my uncle?
Uncle Nicky, Nomadland is-is a movie
that you would probably make fun of.
How are the flowers coming?
Blooming and marvelous.
Um, hey, you've navigated
a long-distance relationship.
-How did you manage that?
-KEVIN: Not well, Toby.
I got divorced and then I almost
missed the birth of my children.
-Mm.
-Wait, why do you ask?
No reason.
I mean, no reason
we're gonna talk about
on your wedding day.
-Wait, no, what...
-MAN: There a Kevin Pearson here?
Ah!
Okay, that's my gift.
Uh, all right, well,
this is how I always imagined
a-a marriage would be,
would be two people
sitting in comfortable silence
next to each other, in Adirondack chairs.
I-I had your, uh,
initials engraved in them.
Hey, oh, listen, Kev,
you got enough, uh, you got
any cash to tip these guys?
I need air.
I need... I need air.
-You're outside.
-I need inside air.
-KEVIN: Randall, get away from me, please.
-RANDALL: Yeah, no problem.
(sighs)
TOBY:
Hey.
Okay, so I have decided
not to take the job.
It turns out that I like
all of you far too much
to be away from you
three days a week, so...
No, no. Babe, you are
so excited about that job.
You can't turn it down.
Okay, uh...
And I'm not going to quit my job, either.
I'm really good at it, Tobe.
And it's the job
that I've been waiting for
my entire life.
-Uh, so...
-Yeah, okay, ok...
Okay, so how can we possibly
make this work?
I was thinking about
our wedding vows today.
♪ ♪
To be honest, I don't remember
a single thing that you said.
I stood there the whole time
just thinking,
"Would someone, please,
"just ask me if I will marry him
so I can just say yes
-as quickly as humanly possible?"
-(laughs)
You know, it's four years
and two kids ago.
(chuckles)
And I'd rather spend
four days a week with you
than eight days a week with anyone else.
That's not how weeks work.
-Well, I know. I know.
-(chuckles)
But we can do this.
Are you with me?
I'm your huckleberry.
Tombstone.
God, I love you.
I think that you just love
that I know random movie quotes.
No, Kate.
It is quite a lot more than that.
♪ Time to time she puts
her hand in mine... ♪
Babe...
♪ Holds me like a sharp, shiny key... ♪
Okay.
♪ I was never one... ♪
What do you think?
-I love it. Yeah.
-Yeah?
(laughs softly)
Wow.
(exhales)
I haven't been nice to you.
This whole year.
It's been a big year for you.
You're in your first relationship,
and I haven't been getting it all right.
You've gotten a lot right.
I love you, Mom.
And I'm sorry if I forget to say
it for the next ten years.
Well, I guess this one time
will have to be enough.
(laughs softly)
♪ With only sky... ♪
-(FaceTime ringing)
-Let me give you a minute.
♪ Have to die... ♪
Hey.
Well, guess who went four for four.
For real?
Penn?
You're lying.
(chuckles)
Uh, yeah, actually.
I kind of am.
I went five for five.
I didn't tell anybody this,
but I applied to Harvard.
I got into Harvard, too, Dej.
(laughs): I got into Harvard.
Um...
In Boston.
Uh, yeah.
(stapler clicks)
REBECCA: I've never really
given you an explanation, have I?
All this time...
I never really explained
why I did what I did.
And how I kept it from you.
I guess because there is
no viable explanation.
-Mom, we don't have...
-No, no, no, no.
I-I've let you let me
off the hook far too many times.
Do you remember
when you were a little boy,
and we had the, um,
the family wedding in the living room?
Barely.
-Maybe more from the pictures.
-Mm-hmm.
I remember you
looking at us, more than a few times.
And I wondered if you were
thinking about them.
Your parents.
And still, I didn't go there.
And I avoided it.
I... I rationalized
that I took you home
when I was still grieving,
I... they were addicts.
But I never...
I never gave you the forum
to talk about it.
Not as a little boy, not as a teenager.
Not now as a grown man.
And I knew things.
And I hid them.
And I'm... I'm very ashamed.
I know it is way too late to say this,
but I need to say it to you very clearly.
I am so sorry.
You are my entire world,
-and what I did to you...
-You didn't do...
You can tell me how I've hurt you.
And if that doesn't come easy,
you can tell me about your journey.
And if I cry,
it's 'cause I know what I robbed
from my favorite person,
it's not because I'm jealous
or hurt, okay?
(quietly): Okay.
So tell me about her.
Tell me about your mother.
(Randall sniffles)
She's my birth mother.
(sniffles, exhales)
She was a pretty incredible woman.
-Yeah.
-(sniffles)
She was a force of nature,
one of those people that does
everything at 100, you know?
And as I heard some of the details,
it unlocked a part of me
that I didn't even know existed.
(exhales)
(knocking on door)
VANESSA:
Hi.
They wanted to get portraits of you
before you got all wed-head and stuff.
Is now a good time?
DAVID:
Uh, is this a good time?
Look, um...
There's no easy way to say this.
I think our relationship has gone
as far as it's gonna go, Madison.
Okay, no, no, no, David.
Come on, we're-we're just going
through a little rough patch...
I-I don't feel about you
the way you feel about me.
Okay.
Hang on, um...
Madison...
and I say this as a friend.
I don't know why there'd be
anything more to say
after what I just said.
Um...
(sniffles)
Look, I know I don't have
the same issues as everyone here,
I recognize that.
But you guys don't know
what it's like looking like me
and carrying around that extra
seven pounds in your midsection.
VANESSA:
Madison?
Excuse me.
Oh, God, I do need to put my face on.
(knocking on door)
(sighs)
Hey.
(quietly): Hi.
Am I supposed to be seeing you?
I don't think I'm supposed
to be seeing you.
You-you look incredible, but I don't think
-I'm supposed to be seeing you.
-I know. I'm sorry. Um...
-You're not dressed, by the way.
-No, I know. It's a long story.
I'll tell you later.
(laughs softly)
Are you in love with me?
Madison, uh...
(chuckles)
We're getting married in, like, two hours.
We're-we're gonna become a family.
A family.
Yeah, we, um, we use that language a lot.
"We have fallen in love with this family."
"The four of us are
the only thing that matters."
I'm not sure what-what you're...
I have fallen in love with you, Kevin.
It's no surprise.
You are very easy to fall in love with.
But, um...
Sorry. I, uh, I know
this timing is terrible
and, um, borderline cliché, but, uh...
(exhales)
My mother gave me these.
And then she left.
She left me with a father
who gave me nothing.
Who literally told me
not to expect life to have magical sparks.
I have stumbled through a life
gratefully accepting
whatever scraps of affection
anyone would give me.
And you are so wonderful.
(sighs)
Your...
Your family has given me
the first family I have ever had.
And it would be so easy for me
to tiptoe around the fact
that you may not be in love with me.
Hey.
I think we can take a breath here, okay?
Okay.
I love what we have.
I love what we're building.
I-I think you are incredible.
(laughs softly)
And I love watching you
with our children, and-and...
The time I spend with you,
I-I feel good and full
-and-and happy and...
-Kevin, Kevin, Kevin, come on.
You have been running around all week
trying to make today perfect.
-Don't you see...
-We didn't come together
under normal circumstances.
I know that.
I know that you know that.
But what we...
This-this, what we have...
...it will grow.
It can grow.
It will.
Okay?
I can't marry someone
who's not in love with me.
I know it's ironic, but I think you have
finally helped me realize
that I am worthy of that.
Are you nerv... are...
Maybe this is you
-and you're nervous,
you're getting the jitters.
-No, no, no.
-No, this is a normal thing.
This is what people go through.
-No. Kevin.
-I am begging you right...
Don't do this, okay?
-We can still do this
-I want to be with you, Madison.
-all together. We can raise
a family together.
-I want to be with you and our children.
-I will commit to that with you,
-okay? But we...
-The children that we created together
-in-in a house together,
-We cannot get married this way, Kevin.
-as a family.
-That cannot be us.
You know it.
-Please don't do this.
-Kevin, you know it.
(grunts softly)
So, how was your day?
Oh, you know.
Couldn't say it to her.
Not like that.
I couldn't lie to her.
-KATE: Hey.
-How is she?
Yeah, she's with the babies.
Hanging in.
She's worried about you.
How you doing, brother?
Yeah...
I'm numb, I think.
I wonder what he would do right now.
It's getting harder for me, lately,
to add your father
to our family situations.
It used to come so easily,
but so much has changed.
Uh, grandchildren and marriages and...
And I don't know if it's this disease,
but it's, it's like my brain
won't allow me
to actually add him
to scenes sometimes, you know?
Hmm.
He wouldn't leave Kevin's side tonight.
Yeah.
That is for sure.
And he'd be worried that you would drink.
I won't.
You need to stay busy,
'cause you're... you're best
-when you're busy.
-Yes. I will.
Hmm.
I actually have a project for you.
I don't know how many good years
I have left.
I just know that I want to spend
as much time with you guys
as possible.
And I found, um,
a different kind of peace
at the cabin this year.
Kev.
Build me that house.
The house he was gonna build for me.
♪ Tell me, do we get ♪
♪ What we deserve? ♪
Yeah.
♪ What we deserve... ♪
What a year, huh?
-Yeah...
-It'll get better.
It's always darkest before the dawn,
but we hang our tragedies
on fence posts and we fight on.
What do we do?
I don't know.
It sounds better when Beth says it.
(soft laughter)
REBECCA:
You're gonna be fine, honey.
And the state would
probably look down on it,
but for the record, I would marry you.
-(laughter)
-I would marry all of you.
♪ Whoa, we get... ♪
RANDALL:
Thanks, Ma.
♪ And way down we go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Oh, way down we go ♪
♪ Say way down we go... ♪
Everything's gonna be all right.
♪ Whoa, you let... ♪
(imitating Peter Cook
in The Princess Bride): Ma-wage.
Ma-wage is what brings us together today.
(normal voice): Yep.
That's the one.
People are going to love it.
Ma-wage...
♪ But for the fall, ooh, my ♪
♪ Do you dare to look him
right in the eye ? ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Oh, 'cause they will run you down ♪
♪ Down till the dark... ♪
I know, I know, I'm getting dressed,
But the wife wanted stockings.
what the hell am I supposed to do?
I've got him, it's all good.
Let's move Nicky, move.
Loved the article, by the way.
Hated the picture.
Oh, you know I look good, brother.
♪ Down till you go, yeah... ♪
Coming in, coming in.
I don't know the rules,
-but I got to get something
cleared for the toast.
-MADISON: No. Get out.
-What?
-No, I told you 12 times this morning,
-no boys allowed in here.
-Boys? I'm a 45-year-old grown man,
thank you kindly.
I have a question.
-Hey, you got something
on your tie. Get out.
-No. Oh!
-Get out.
-Come on, hey, I just need to know
if movie quotes
or impressions are allowed.
-That's all.
-KATE: Yes.
Yes.
This is the last time I'm doing this,
so go crazy, brother.
You look beautiful.
-Okay. Get out.
-Thank you.
-Bye-bye.
-Yeah, bye-bye.
KEVIN:
All right, come on. Geez.
Kill a guy for trying to deliver
a perfect wedding speech.
Hey, listen, uh, you're okay if I do
some British jokes at your expense, right?
Hey, if you can't take the piss out
of your future brother-in-law,
who can you take the piss
out of, all right?
This is gonna be good.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH